(Yeah, this is the remix)
woh-oh
Oh oh
(Real Until Death, baby)
woh-oh
yeah
This is the true remix, baby! (Na-na)
That's like that (Ozuna)
I spend a lot of night thinking about you
I don't know how or when it was (Eh)
But I only know that I remembered (Eh-eh)
How did I do it to you that time (Oh-oh)
Yes, I can't go on alone (Hehe)
But I know that I threw you away (Aha)

I threw you out of my life, yeah, and I threw you away (Oh-oh)
I gave you a band and I released you, I released you (Oh-oh)
Pal' damn you' left, and you' left (Na-na)
I threw you out of my life, I threw you away, yeah, yeah, mommy (Ozuna)

Baby, life is a cycle (Wuh!)
And what is useless I do not recycle (No)
So from my life move
What if I put it in to remember a T.B.T., yeah (Yeah; Hahahaha)
I'm tired of your lies'
Now there's a tougher one that throws me (Huh!)
  It has its end, it expires (Huh!)
You are past and the past never turns
Start for hell (Wuh!), my body doesn't need you (No)
What he asks for is a dirty dog in La Placita
I don't think ours will be repeated
Come on, turn on a Phillie, leave one ready for right now, yeah (Wuh-uh!)
You might also like
I hate knowing that once again I trusted you
I hate all the "I love you" that I texted you a thousand times
Baby, better than you, now I have like die'
Ours was in a Bugatti and you stayed on foot

I threw you away; I gave you a band and I released you, I released you
Pal' carajo I sent you, I sent you
And I nailed your friend, I nailed her
Fuck you, son of a bitch, yeah (Huh!)

(This is the real return, did you hear, baby'?)
Baby, I dumped you (Hah!)
And since I gave you that 'bot치', the cat' are three' by three' (That is so)
If you want, ask, if you don't believe me (Baby)
That I no longer have stress, to complete the lines are express (Hah-hah!)
Did you see how the world went upside down?
And me with her in R.D. (Hahahaha), I fell in love the day I tried it
I don't think I'll come back and give you-
Mommy, because I canceled the service
If I don't answer (Hah!) the problem will hit rock bottom
Mommy, take a deep breath while I hide it from you (That's how it is)
With you obliga'o today I put the condom
But post in midfield, baby, like Rond칩n (Hah!)
I gave you a hard burial (That is so)
I know that with time the wound heals (by law)
And' that in verd치' that you are not' at that height (Hah!)
I swear to you by Dio' although by Dio' you don't swear (Ra-ta-ta-t치!)
Baby, I threw you away (E' what a baby I threw you away)
I gave you a band and I let you go (I gave you a band and I let you go; So you know)
I sent you to hell, eh, eh (Are you understanding what I'm trying to tell you?; I sent you to hell)
I took you out of my life, eh, eh (This is the real return; We are The Magicians, baby; Real G4 life; Casper!)

I threw you out of my life (Wuh)
But before doing it all 'the expense' you made me, I wrote it down
Because of my mother, I won't pick you up again (Ah)
And the shoe that I take off I don't put it back on
The wolf is always guilty in the mouth of the little hood
I know that what is given is not taken away
But deliver the Mercedes' and the bracelet' with the' pink diamond'
And wait to see if he deposits you (Prrr)
Bebecita, I know that you are algarete
And more now that I already cut the shackle (Shackle)
I know that it is bitten because another pa' house gets in
I dedicate this to you with JLo, baby, go to hell

Baby (Baby)
Life will make you pay
Because of your 'lie' and I know that I will see you cry (I will see you cry)
And that day you will regret it' (Eh)
But I will not be (Those of magic)
Because I got over you and I threw you out of my life (I threw you out)
And I gave you a band and I released you (I released you)
And I don't want to know about you (I want to know)
And pa'l carajo I sent you
I'm going to drink today

ozuna
I threw you out of my life and I know that you are not just anyone
I'll spend my whole life wondering where it went
But your friend texts me whenever she wants me
She takes a picture with me and tells me: "So that you see it"

I turn on to see if I forget
From your name, your kisses, your body, your groans (Oh)
We did it 'in the car, she yelled in my ear
I close my eyes' and think of everything we did', baby (Oh-oh, baby)
I turn on to see if I forget
From your name, your kisses, your body, your moans (Oh-oh)
We did it in the car, he yelled in my ear
I close my eyes' and think of everything we did', baby (Oh)

Boy!
I gave you trust and you failed me
you made fun of me and humiliated me
Far from here you left and you didn't even explain
You saw my movie and you turned
Now you want to know what I think of you?
I feel like a bastard because you're not here
Just as you came, you can go (You can go; Uh-yeah!)

I will not deny that I suffered you, I had a bad time
But I got over myself and I threw you out of my life, and I threw you out
I gave you a band and I released you, I released you
Pa'l carajo I sent you, I sent you
And I took you out of my life, I took you out (Brrr)
Baby I dumped you

So, what are we talking about? (Ha ha ha)
I kicked you out of my life and you keep investigating me (Prra)
I don't put you in even if it's playing (Hey)
He looks like he's setting me up with the other side, oh (Prr-prr)
I got houses in different area codes
There are levels' and in my league only pros
That' and' another ass that does not enter my show
I send her to the hotel, she already knows
I threw you away like I threw away the benjam