{​​Coal speaking - Background voice}​​ - Fucking faggots. Fuck you all. Fuck your gods, fuck your religion. What you believe Gnostics. You don't believe in anything. Fuck you higher power your, higher power is shit. your hidden masters, you're ascended masters. You ain't shit. You ain't shit. You're a fucking small little human . You're a fucking dust little particle. You're a fucking small little dust particle that's floating in a fucking universe that's gigantic which is probably in somebody. Yeah who's probably a dust particle in another fucking dust particle that's in another dust particle. You are shit. You are microscopic shit. You're like fucking feces floating in a fucking stream of bullshit. Fuck you. We're all evil. We're all evil indifferent. Tell um, tell um. Are there any decent men? What happen to the home? Fuck Rupert Murdock Fuck a child molester. Larry E. King I'll kill you. Will kill you. Yeah fuck the whole system. Yeah. Bring back the fucking guillotine. Kill um all
{​​Sampled from Boondock Saints}​​ - : Don't you think that's a little weird, a little psycho?  : D'you know what I think is psycho, Roc? It's decent men with loving families. They go home every day after work and they turn on the news. You know what they see? They see rapists, and murderers and child molesters. They're all getting out of prison.  : Mafiosos. Gettin' caught with twenty kilos. Gettin' out on bail the same fuckin' day.  : And everywhere, everyone thinks the same thing: that someone should just go kill those motherfuckers.  : Kill 'em all
Valhalla swing an axe detaching head from collar
Dollars you brought fuel my torch when a scorch Shambhala
Pull Allah off a pedestal, I got the better skill
Beheading metatron, like the Quran watch me letters kill
You bet I'm ill, instill a will to kill these gods
Like Semiramis and Nimrod, the crescent moon and star
I stay on par with the best, death to Isis and Osiris
Cuz Horus was Tammuz between Euphrates and the Tigris
It's Babylon, Free Masons worship the god Jahbulon
And Eris is Lilith I've came to pillage Avalon
A savage calm, I drink Dos Equis from pitchers
Cuz the misshift is deadly, behead Devaki and Krishna
Malicious in the medley, put Devi's head on a platter
Quicker than Vatican warlocks saying abracadabra
See I'll stab a pedophile just to vary my sting
Til I carry the severed head of fucking Larry E. King
Me I'll parry the swing at these things they call homunculus
Then punch through these chumps like Shaolin monks with the Drunken Fist
Hunt the abyss where these devils love to laugh at death
Draining blood puddles from Beelzebub and Baphomet
I'll trash the rep with a noose for Zeus and Jupiter
Then loosen my wrath when I smash through the craft of Lucifer
No excuse for your use of the power of demonics
Spitting comets at you snakes, disgrace the face of Muhammad
I'll bomb it with atomic destruction and promise nothing
Will fucking be left after I press the next button
It's fucking death for all who's next to fall in this genocide
My pen provides the end of all men who think they can't survive
I'm ending lives like the war tribes in Africa
After the queen of the hive, an omni-side spitting massacre
A blast from her, with passengers on this ride to hell
Rebel or die, but it don't matter on which side you dwell
You might also likeYou're all dead sooner or later. This is just a fucking warning shotEmbed